ILEMT calibration paper

Note on Excel files for tables:

The overall_stats*.xlsx files are generated from Matlab using
ilemt/matlab/testing/run_tests().  The outputs are stored in the
ilemt_cal_data tree, and need to be copied here.

The actual tables are generated by table*.xlsx which have links to
cells in the input data files.  For security reasons (that I am sure
are perfectly valid) Excel is very cautious about updating the links.
I ended up turning off "Ask to update automatic links" in the Excel
advanced options because it seemed not to be updating even when you
said OK.

Also, when making an indirect table in this way, or adding to it, be
careful about what style link you end up with.  You want something
like:
    ='[overall_stats_cal_9_15_premo_cmu.xlsx]Error stats'!G4

That is, with the ='[file]sheet'!cell

Copy pasting from the input sheet and then setting the copy mode to
'link' is the easy way, but if you copy paste more than one cell at a
go, then it may use a weird Excel DDE link which Excel will
subsequently entirely refuse to update.  Paste a single cell then use
excel fill to extend the link by row or column.


Also, for getting the table into Word, I used what seems to be the
current approved method, copying from the excel sheet and pasting into
word.  Then I set to copy with link using source formatting.  Copy
only the active part of the table so as not to get empty cells in
Word.

The source formatting in Excel is more powerful than what you can get
with a Word table.  It actually works to change formatting in the open
Excel window and have it auto propagated into the open Word window,
which is pretty cool.  Just open the source sheet from Word (as
described next), and not from the file explorer.

### BUT there is a weird bug where once you have done this you may not
be able to open the source excel sheet anymore by opening the excel
file from eg. file explorer.  It just quietly does nothing.  Even if
Word is closed.  Even if you reboot.  IDK

It *does* always seem to work to open it from Word by clicking into
the table, right clicking on the top left arrows table icon, and
selecting 'Linked worksheet object/open link'.

Also, when you open Word, *it* will ask if you want to update the
tables.  It seems to work to say 'yes', but then you end up with two
copies of each table, and you have to delete the old one (using the
table right click menu 'delete table').  The extra table may be "off
the screen" at the bottom of the text box.

And you may need to delete the table and repeat copy-paste to get it
updated correctly.  But this would be hard if you can't *open* the
source file anymore, so be careful.

Overall the Excel stuff seems remarkably flaky.  It might be wiser to
not paste into Word using links, and just update manually (since you
may end up doing this anyway).  WTF?  Is this something MS testers
never tried?

After updating the tables in Word you will want to manually drag each
row top/bottom to minimum height and set the table alignment to
centered. Table right click menu, 'Table properties', alignment,
center.
